# Romeo And Juliet Act III
### Scene 1 
\
Scene 1 starts out with a fight between Mercution and Tybalt. The fight isn't taken very seriously with everyone joking around. Tybalt stabbed Mercutio, but it seems as if it was an accident. An iconic joke made is "If you search for me tomorrow, you will find me a grave man." 

Important takeaways:
* Winner - Tybalt
* Reason - Accidental stabbing
* Injuries - Mercutio with under arm stab wound. 
* Iconic items
    - You will find me a grave man
    - Fight Between Tybalt and Mercutio
    - Death of Mercutio off screen
---
### Scene 2 
\
Tybalt is dead, romeo killed him. The price banishes Romeo, and says that if he is to return, Romeo is to be murdered. Juliet is greiving over Tybalt but decides that Romeos banishement is worse than Tybalts death.

Important takeaways
* Tybalt is dead
* Romeo is banished
---
### Scene 3 & 4
\
Nothing too significant happens here, Lady capulet tells Julliet that he will send an assasin after Romeo in hopes of comforting Juliet, though this only serves to distress her. 

---
### Scene 5
\
Juliet does not want to marry paris. So she causes a scene. In this scene it is shown how badly Juliets parents treat her. Her father threatens to drag Juliet to marriage if she does not go willingly. Her father also threatens to disown her and punch her if she does not agree. 

Important takeaways
* Juliets father sucks even more than her mother
* Her parents are extremely serious about forcing Juliet to marry Paris
* Juliet does not want to marry paris
---